---
description: >-
  The Inyo Gateway uses a comprehensive set of response codes to indicate the
  status and results of transaction processing
---

# Response Code

Each response code is associated with a specific context and HTTP status code, providing clarity and actionable insights.

#### Response Codes Table

<table data-header-hidden><thead><tr><th width="184.85546875" valign="top"></th><th valign="top"></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td valign="top">00</td><td valign="top">Payment Approved</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">GE_001</td><td valign="top">Generic Error</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_011</td><td valign="top">External ID already exists</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_700</td><td valign="top">Blocked by cardholder/contact cardholder</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_699</td><td valign="top">Transaction not supported/blocked by issuer</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_680</td><td valign="top">Declined by issuer</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_679</td><td valign="top">Bank not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_678</td><td valign="top">Value provided for one of the fields is too short.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_677</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail secondaryId must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_676</td><td valign="top">SenderDetail paymentCredentialReference must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_675</td><td valign="top">Recipient card paymentCredentialReference must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_674</td><td valign="top">TaxAmount field in Structured Remittance Information is not supported by this route</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_673</td><td valign="top">Unstructured Remittance Information should not be present with Structured Remittance Information in payout</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_672</td><td valign="top">Structured remittance information is not supported for payment method 'W'</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_671</td><td valign="top">Tax amount is always positive and greater than zero</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_670</td><td valign="top">ReferredDocumentInformation data block exceeds the maximum length</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_669</td><td valign="top">Tax Amount and Tax Currency Code must be provided together</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_668</td><td valign="top">Structural Remittance Information is disabled for this environment</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_667</td><td valign="top">Structured Remittance array is larger than supported</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_666</td><td valign="top">Value provided for one of the fields has incorrect format</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_665</td><td valign="top">Amount in SRI does not equal payout request amount</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_664</td><td valign="top">Structural Remittance Information currency code must match recipientDetail.bank.currencyCode for selected route</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_663</td><td valign="top">Minimum required structured remittance information is not provided. Amount, Currency code and creditor reference information is required and creditor reference code must be SCOR for the selected route</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_662</td><td valign="top">StructuredRemittance data block exceeds the maximum length.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_661</td><td valign="top">StructuredRemittance array not supported for selected route</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_660</td><td valign="top">Negative signed amount provided for an invoice</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_659</td><td valign="top">Positive signed amount provided for a credit note</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_658</td><td valign="top">None of the available routes for this transaction support structured remittance information</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_657</td><td valign="top">If structuredRemittance object is included in the payload then a referredDocumentInformation or a creditorReference array must be included</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_656</td><td valign="top">If structuredRemittance object is included in the payload then amountCurrencyCode is mandatory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_655</td><td valign="top">If structuredRemittance object is included in the payload then amount is mandatory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_654</td><td valign="top">If creditorReference is provided then code is mandatory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_653</td><td valign="top">If creditorReference is provided then number is mandatory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_652</td><td valign="top">If referredDocumentInformation is provided then number is mandatory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_651</td><td valign="top">If referredDocumentInformation is provided then code is mandatory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_650</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account cannot be validated. Bank or identity information is missing or incorrect.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_649</td><td valign="top">Payout method does not match the recipient details provided</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_648</td><td valign="top">Recipient account identifier phone number not in correct format</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_647</td><td valign="top">Only Recipient wallet account identifier type PHONENUMBER supported for this wallet operator</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_646</td><td valign="top">IBAN is not enabled on SEPA Instant</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_645</td><td valign="top">Route is not allowed.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_644</td><td valign="top">The initiatingPartyId is too long.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_643</td><td valign="top">Transaction not in a cancellable state.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_642</td><td valign="top">The length of the field is incorrect.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_641</td><td valign="top">Additional Data Name under Transaction Details  is not in the correct format.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_640</td><td valign="top">Undefined Internal Error. Please contact your Visa representative for assistance.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_639</td><td valign="top">Quote ID is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_638</td><td valign="top">The currency pair associated with the Quote ID does not match the currency pair in the Payout request.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_637</td><td valign="top">Quote ID does not belong to the given Initiating Party ID</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_636</td><td valign="top">Quote ID not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_635</td><td valign="top">Quote ID has expired</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_634</td><td valign="top">Initiating Party ID is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_633</td><td valign="top">Recipient tax code (RUC) is required and has not been provided or is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_632</td><td valign="top">Data for Sender country is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_631</td><td valign="top">Transaction Amount or derived Destination Amount is 0</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_630</td><td valign="top">Transaction amount exceeds the transaction limit</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_629</td><td valign="top">Sender type supported is Individual for this payout</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_628</td><td valign="top">Data for Sender address is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_627</td><td valign="top">Data for Sender date of birth is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_626</td><td valign="top">Recipient type supported is Individual for this payout</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_625</td><td valign="top">Configuration error. Onboarding incomplete. Please contact your Visa representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_624</td><td valign="top">Sender reference number contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_623</td><td valign="top">Recipient additional data value contains special characters or exceeds max length allowed.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_622</td><td valign="top">One or more of sender or reciepient identity data is missing or invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_621</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code or bank account number is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_620</td><td valign="top">This is a duplicate transaction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_619</td><td valign="top">Purpose of payment is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_618</td><td valign="top">Configuration error. Please contact your Visa representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_617</td><td valign="top">Data provided for one or more Sender fields is not required for this destination country</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_616</td><td valign="top">Sender company registration number is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_615</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Sender fields are required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_614</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Sender fields are not correct or contains special characters</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_613</td><td valign="top">Duplicate data for one or more Sender identification list fields exists</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_612</td><td valign="top">Sender ID number is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_611</td><td valign="top">Only one form of identification is required for the Sender</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_610</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Sender fields contains alpha and/or special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_609</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Sender fields contains special characters</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_608</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Sender identification list fields is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_607</td><td valign="top">Sender date of birth is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_606</td><td valign="top">Sender type must be 'I' for Individual or 'C' for Company</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_605</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Sender fields is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_604</td><td valign="top">Sender identity type is mandatory for this route</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_603</td><td valign="top">Sender province is not correct/ Sender province or state is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_602</td><td valign="top">Sender email address is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_601</td><td valign="top">Sender ID type is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_600</td><td valign="top">Sender ID issue country is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_599</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Sender country fields is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_598</td><td valign="top">Data provided for one or more Sender fields is not currently supported</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_597</td><td valign="top">Combination of Recipient bank account number and Recipient bank code type is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_596</td><td valign="top">Combination of Recipient bank code and Recipient bank branch code is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_595</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code is not currently supported for this payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_594</td><td valign="top">Combination of Recipient 'IBAN' bank account number and Recipient bank code is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_593</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number has failed the modulus check</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_592</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank country code does not support IBAN account numbers</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_591</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank country code requires IBAN account number to process this payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_590</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_589</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_588</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more fields are not correct or contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_587</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_586</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_585</td><td valign="top">Remove the Recipient bank account number suffix. The suffix is included in the Recipient bank account number.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_584</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number suffix is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_583</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account type contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_582</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account type is not correct.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_581</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account type is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_580</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number suffix contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_579</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number suffix contains alpha and/or special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_578</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number has failed the modulus check.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_577</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_576</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number contains alpha and/or special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_575</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number is required to process your payout request.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_574</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_573</td><td valign="top">Combination of Recipient bank BIC and Recipient bank code is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_572</td><td valign="top">One or more of the beneficiary bank information fields provided is incorrect</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_571</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank branch code is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_570</td><td valign="top">The bank branch code provided conflicts with the rest of the recipient bank information in the payout request.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_569</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank branch code should not be provided for this destination country</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_568</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank branch code contains alpha and/or special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_567</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank branch code is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_566</td><td valign="top">Combination of Recipient bank code and Recipient bank account number is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_565</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_564</td><td valign="top">The bank code provided conflicts with the rest of the recipient bank information in the payout request.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_563</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code should not be provided for this destination country</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_562</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code contains alpha and/or special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_561</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_560</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_559</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank name is not currently supported for this payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_558</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account name is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_557</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank name contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_556</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank name is required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_555</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account name contains special characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_554</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account name is required to process your payout request.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_553</td><td valign="top">Unable to validate this payout request becuase one or more of recipient bank information provided is missing or invalid.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_552</td><td valign="top">Combination of Recipient bank country code and Recipient bank account number for 'IBAN' bank account number type is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_551</td><td valign="top">Recipient details are not in the correct format. Contact your Visa representative for assistance.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_550</td><td valign="top">Sender details are not in the correct format. Contact your Visa representative for assistance.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_549</td><td valign="top">Destination country is not currently supported</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_548</td><td valign="top">Destination route not set up</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_547</td><td valign="top">Data provided for one or more Recipient fields is not required for this destination country</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_546</td><td valign="top">Duplicate data for one or more Recipient identification list fields exists</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_545</td><td valign="top">Only one form of identification is required for the Recipient</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_544</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Recipient identification list fields is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_543</td><td valign="top">Recipient identity type is mandatory for this route</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_542</td><td valign="top">Recipient company registration number is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_541</td><td valign="top">Recipient email address is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_540</td><td valign="top">Recipient date of birth is not correct.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_539</td><td valign="top">Recipient ID type is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_538</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more of Recipient country fields is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_537</td><td valign="top">Recipient ID number is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_536</td><td valign="top">Recipient ID issue country is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_535</td><td valign="top">Data provided for one or more Recipient fields is not currently supported</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_534</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Recipient fields are not correct or contains special characters</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_533</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Recipient fields contains alpha and/or special characters</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_532</td><td valign="top">The minor units in Transaction Amount does not align with currency exponent.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_531</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Recipient fields contains special characters</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_530</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more Recipient fields contains special characters</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_529</td><td valign="top">Recipient province or state is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_528</td><td valign="top">Data for one or more of Recipient fields are required to process your payout request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_527</td><td valign="top">There is an issue with the data of this transaction and it cannot be processed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_526</td><td valign="top">A balance for the currency and account requested does not exist.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_525</td><td valign="top">No balances to return.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_524</td><td valign="top">The currencyCode must be a alphabetic string of length 3.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_523</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail sourceAmount must be null</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_522</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail sourceCurrencyCode must be null</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_521</td><td valign="top">The sourceAmount should not be supplied for Push to Account.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_520</td><td valign="top">The sourceCurrencyCode should not be supplied for Push to Account.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_519</td><td valign="top">Unknown query parameter</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_518</td><td valign="top">The number of calendar days requested must be an integer value between 1 and 30.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_517</td><td valign="top">PayoutMethod must not be null</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_516</td><td valign="top">Subscriber not authorized to receive transaction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_515</td><td valign="top">Transaction max amount exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_514</td><td valign="top">Monthly recipient velocity limit exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_513</td><td valign="top">Monthly sender velocity limit exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_512</td><td valign="top">Weekly recipient velocity limit exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_511</td><td valign="top">Weekly sender velocity limit exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_510</td><td valign="top">Daily recipient velocity limit exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_509</td><td valign="top">Daily sender velocity limit exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_508</td><td valign="top">Blacklist error</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_507</td><td valign="top">MFS system error</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_506</td><td valign="top">E-wallet system error</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_505</td><td valign="top">Transaction could not be executed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_504</td><td valign="top">Subscriber not authorized to receive amount</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_503</td><td valign="top">Subscriber not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_502</td><td valign="top">Partner corridor not active</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_501</td><td valign="top">Transaction Error</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_500</td><td valign="top">Expired transfer proposal</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_499</td><td valign="top">Insufficient fund in merchant account</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_498</td><td valign="top">Sender middleName must be null</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_497</td><td valign="top">The idType must be one of CLIENT_REFERENCE_ID or PAYOUT_ID.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_496</td><td valign="top">Payout not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_495</td><td valign="top">The route or wallet operator does not support the destination amount precision</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_494</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a tax id</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_493</td><td valign="top">The additional identity data block contains an invalid item</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_492</td><td valign="top">The payoutSpeed is not correct.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_491</td><td valign="top">Business Application ID is not correct</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_490</td><td valign="top">Configuration error. Please contact your Visa representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_489</td><td valign="top">This payout request could not be processed. Please contact your Visa representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_488</td><td valign="top">This payout request could not be processed. Please contact your Visa representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_487</td><td valign="top">No route exists for this combination</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_486</td><td valign="top">The value provided for one or more request parameters is considered invalid.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_485</td><td valign="top">Payment rejected for compliance related reason at partner.  Contact your Visa representative for assistance.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_484</td><td valign="top">Recipient’s transaction frequency exceeds the limit.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_483</td><td valign="top">Sender’s transaction frequency exceeds the limit.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_482</td><td valign="top">Transaction amount exceeds the transaction limit for the recipient.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_481</td><td valign="top">Transaction amount exceeds the transaction limit for the sender</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_480</td><td valign="top">This request could not be processed. Please try again.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_479</td><td valign="top">Recipient details validation in progress with partner</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_478</td><td valign="top">Sender minimum information is missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_477</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a city of birth</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_476</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a foreign id</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_475</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a national id</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_474</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a driving license</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_473</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a passport</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_472</td><td valign="top">Recipient name or first name and last name are required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_471</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a foreign id</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_470</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a tax id</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_469</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a national id</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_468</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a driving license</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_467</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a passport</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_466</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have date of birth or country of birth or city of birth</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_465</td><td valign="top">Recipient name or first name and last name are required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_464</td><td valign="top">Recipient name or first name and last name are required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_463</td><td valign="top">Recipient wallet currency is not supported for this wallet operator</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_462</td><td valign="top">Recipient wallet country is not supported for this wallet operator</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_461</td><td valign="top">Recipient identification id type is not supported</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_460</td><td valign="top">Recipient wallet account is unavailable</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_459</td><td valign="top">Recipient details mismatch at wallet operator.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_458</td><td valign="top">Recipient wallet account not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_457</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a country of birth</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_456</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have a date of birth</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_455</td><td valign="top">An Individual cannot have a legal registration number</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_454</td><td valign="top">Sender age is not supported</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_453</td><td valign="top">This combination of sender type and recipient type provided is not supported for this route</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_452</td><td valign="top">A company cannot have date of birth or country of birth or city of birth</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_451</td><td valign="top">Either senderAccountNumber or senderReferenceNumber is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_450</td><td valign="top">One of sender name or first name and last name must be provided</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_449</td><td valign="top">Sender name or first name and last name are required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_448</td><td valign="top">Country is not currently supported</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_447</td><td valign="top">Value provided for one of the fields is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_446</td><td valign="top">Sender-beneficiary relationship is not allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_445</td><td valign="top">Value provided for one of the fields is too long</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_444</td><td valign="top">Payment value less than the minimum route limit</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_443</td><td valign="top">The sender identification idOwnerType must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_442</td><td valign="top">Sender middleName must be null</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_441</td><td valign="top">No eligible routes found which allow payer unstructured identity</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_440</td><td valign="top">The sender sourceOfFunds field must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_439</td><td valign="top">SenderReferenceNumber field must be null</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_438</td><td valign="top">Only sender name or firstName + lastName combination is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_437</td><td valign="top">Sender name or firstName + lastName combination is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_436</td><td valign="top">Only sender firstName + lastName combination or name is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_435</td><td valign="top">Sender firstName + lastName combination or name is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_434</td><td valign="top">Only sender name is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_433</td><td valign="top">Sender name is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_432</td><td valign="top">Only senderAccountNumber or senderReferenceNumber is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_431</td><td valign="top">SenderAccountNumber or senderReferenceNumber is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_430</td><td valign="top">Only sender firstName + lastName combination or fullName is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_429</td><td valign="top">Sender firstName + lastName combination or fullName is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_428</td><td valign="top">Only sender companyName or fullName is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_427</td><td valign="top">Sender companyName or fullName is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_426</td><td valign="top">The transaction currency should be same as either the client's settlement currency or recipient's wallet currency</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_425</td><td valign="top">The transaction currency should be same as either the client's settlement currency or recipient's bank currency</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_424</td><td valign="top">The minor units in structuredRemittance taxAmount does not align with currency exponent</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_423</td><td valign="top">The minor units in structuredRemittance Amount does not align with currency exponent</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_422</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance amount has invalid content</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_421</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance taxAmount is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_420</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance creditorReference number is too long</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_419</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance creditorReference number is too short</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_418</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance creditorReference number is missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_417</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance creditorReference code has invalid content</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_416</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance creditorReference code has invalid length</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_415</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance creditorReference code is missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_414</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance referredDocumentInformation relatedDate has invalid content</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_413</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance referredDocumentInformation number is too long</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_412</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance referredDocumentInformation number is too short</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_411</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance referredDocumentInformation number is missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_410</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance referredDocumentInformation code has invalid content</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_409</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance referredDocumentInformation code has invalid length</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_408</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance referredDocumentInformation code is missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_407</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance referredDocumentInformation is too long</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_406</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance taxCurrencyCode is Invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_405</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance amountCurrencyCode is Invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_404</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance amountCurrencyCode is missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_403</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance amount is missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_402</td><td valign="top">TransactionDetail structuredRemittance is too long</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_401</td><td valign="top">Transaction endToEndId must not be null</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_400</td><td valign="top">Transaction purpose of payment is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_399</td><td valign="top">Payment amount exceeds the route limit.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_398</td><td valign="top">The transactionDetail transactionCurrencyCode must be a numeric of length 3.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_397</td><td valign="top">The recipient middleName must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_396</td><td valign="top">The recipient identification idOwnerType must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_395</td><td valign="top">The recipientDetail address minorSubDivisionCode must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_394</td><td valign="top">The recipientDetail address streetName must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_393</td><td valign="top">The recipientDetail address streetName must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_392</td><td valign="top">Recipient wallet must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_391</td><td valign="top">The recipient bank must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_390</td><td valign="top">Recipient middleName must be null</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_389</td><td valign="top">Only recipient firstName + lastName combination or name is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_388</td><td valign="top">Recipient firstName + lastName combination or name is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_387</td><td valign="top">Only recipient name is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_386</td><td valign="top">Recipient name is mandatory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_385</td><td valign="top">Only recipient name or firstName + lastName combination is allowed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_384</td><td valign="top">Recipient name or firstName + lastName combination is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_383</td><td valign="top">No eligible routes found which allow payer unstructured identity</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_382</td><td valign="top">Recipient contact number is mandatory for this route.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_381</td><td valign="top">The recipient card must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_380</td><td valign="top">Identity Type of beneficiary is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_379</td><td valign="top">Conflicting recipient name, identity or type</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_378</td><td valign="top">The recipient payout method is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_377</td><td valign="top">The recipient payoutMethod must not be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_376</td><td valign="top">The recipient alias must be null.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_375</td><td valign="top">Recipient identificationList must be provided</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_374</td><td valign="top">The recipient additional data key is not known.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_373</td><td valign="top">At least one recipient additional data item must be supplied</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_372</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC is not supported</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_371</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC country does not match the SWIFT BIC country</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_370</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC contains non-alphanumeric characters</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_369</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC has not been supplied and is required in the territory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_368</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC supplied contradicts the bank identified by the supplied bank code</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_367</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC does not exist in bank partner reference table</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_366</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC country does not match bank account country</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_365</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC code contradicts with bank code.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_364</td><td valign="top">The recipient bank account number suffix is required in the territory.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_363</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account type is required in the territory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_362</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account IBAN supplied implies a country different than the country code supplied</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_361</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank Account Number and Sort Code mismatch</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_360</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank IBAN contradicts account number suffix</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_359</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account IBAN contradicts the supplied account number</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_358</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account IBAN contradicts the supplied routing number</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_357</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account IBAN is contradicting</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_356</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account IBAN failed modulus check</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_355</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account IBAN country is not recognized</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_354</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account IBAN is required in the territory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_353</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account number  failed modulus check</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_352</td><td valign="top">recipient bank account number prefix contains non-numeric characters</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_351</td><td valign="top">recipient bank account number prefix is too short</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_350</td><td valign="top">recipient bank account number prefix is too long</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_349</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank branch code not found on <a href="http://cb.net">CB.Net</a> lookup</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_348</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank branch code is contradicting</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_347</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank branch code should not be supplied for this territory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_346</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank branch code is required in the territory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_345</td><td valign="top">ABA routing number and a Fedwire code have been supplied which contradict each other</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_344</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code is not found on <a href="http://cb.net">CB.Net</a> lookup</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_343</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank ABA routing number contradicts the one derived from this account</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_342</td><td valign="top">The recipient bank ABA routing number is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_341</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank sort code is not eligible for local schemes</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_340</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank sort code is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_339</td><td valign="top">The recipient bank sort code contains non-alphanumeric characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_338</td><td valign="top">The recipient bank sort code contains non-numeric characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_337</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code contradicts the supplied account number</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_336</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code is contradicting</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_335</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank code should not be supplied for this territory</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_334</td><td valign="top">Selected payment rail is not configured. Please contact your Visa representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_333</td><td valign="top">The recipient bank information is not sufficient.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_332</td><td valign="top">Only recipient firstName + lastName combination or fullName is allowed.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_331</td><td valign="top">Recipient firstName + lastName combination or fullName is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_330</td><td valign="top">Only recipient companyName or fullName is allowed.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_329</td><td valign="top">Recipient companyName or fullName is mandatory.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_328</td><td valign="top">Only recipient companyName or firstName + lastName combination or fullName is allowed.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_327</td><td valign="top">Recipient companyName or firstName + lastName combination or fullName is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_326</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank BIC is not found.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_325</td><td valign="top">Insufficient bank data supplied. Please contact customer support for more info.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_324</td><td valign="top">Transaction not in a cancellable state.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_323</td><td valign="top">This transaction has already been cancelled. Current request is a duplicate.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_322</td><td valign="top">Payout in queue. Wait for the status notification and retry cancellation later.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_321</td><td valign="top">Payout attempt terminated unsuccessfully.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_320</td><td valign="top">Prior payout exists with the same ClientReferenceID but with different key transaction data elements.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_319</td><td valign="top">Current transaction is a duplicate.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_318</td><td valign="top">This payout request is inconsistent with the previously processed payout transaction.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_317</td><td valign="top">Current transaction is a duplicate. Original Payout attempt terminated unsuccessfully.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_316</td><td valign="top">Current transaction is a duplicate. Original Payout attempt is in an undefined state. Please contact a Visa representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_315</td><td valign="top">Current transaction is a duplicate. Original Payout attempt is in ERROR. Please contact a Visa representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_314</td><td valign="top">Payout not cancellable at this time. Payout is in an inconsistent state.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_313</td><td valign="top">The payout transaction is in an inconsistent state. Please contact your Visa Representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_312</td><td valign="top">The payout transaction that has been queried is in an inconsistent/unknown state.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_311</td><td valign="top">This payout request is inconsistent with the previously processed payout transaction.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_310</td><td valign="top">This payout request matches with other payout transactions which are in an inconsistent state. Please contact your Visa Representative.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_309</td><td valign="top">Transaction currency did not match the settlement currency or the destination currency.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_308</td><td valign="top">Payout not cancellable.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_307</td><td valign="top">Transaction currency is not same as Destination currency.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_306</td><td valign="top">Validation failed for Retrieval Reference Number. This transaction can no longer be retried.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_305</td><td valign="top">Final state of the transaction is unknown.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_304</td><td valign="top">Transaction cannot be processed at this time, please contact Visa.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_303</td><td valign="top">Payout is pending cancellation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_302</td><td valign="top">Payout is not cancellable.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_301</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account is inactive.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_300</td><td valign="top">Payout request has an illegal character data.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_299</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account has duplicate data.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_298</td><td valign="top">Additional data is required for this purpose of payment</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_297</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient detail data is incomplete</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_296</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient details exceeds max length.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_295</td><td valign="top">Value contains non-supported characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_294</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient additional identity data contains more than one item of the same name</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_293</td><td valign="top">Recipient identification information is invalid or missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_292</td><td valign="top">Only one document number must be supplied for sender or recipient.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_291</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient identity number is not numeric.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_290</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient identity number is not binary.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_289</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient identity issue country is not allowed.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_288</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient country in address is not allowed.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_287</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient identification number is not numeric.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_286</td><td valign="top">Sender or recipient identification type is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_285</td><td valign="top">Wallet Operator does not support recipient verification functionality.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_284</td><td valign="top">Route not supported, please contact Visa representative</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_283</td><td valign="top">The beneficiary Bank Account Intermediary Account supplied field contains not supported characters.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_282</td><td valign="top">Recipient bank account is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_281</td><td valign="top">Transaction cannot be processed at this time, please contact Visa.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_280</td><td valign="top">The recipient country and currency route selected is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_279</td><td valign="top">The recipient country and currency route selected is not supported.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_278</td><td valign="top">Value provided for one of the fields is invalid.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_277</td><td valign="top">Value provided for one of the fields has incorrect format.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_276</td><td valign="top">Value provided for one of the fields is too short.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_275</td><td valign="top">Value provided for one of the fields is too long.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_274</td><td valign="top">Mandatory value is missing.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_273</td><td valign="top">Mismatch between FX quote currency codes and transaction currency codes.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_272</td><td valign="top">Fx is required for this transaction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_271</td><td valign="top">Invalid or unsupported country code</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_270</td><td valign="top">Invalid person type provided</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_269</td><td valign="top">Address information is required and cannot be empty</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_268</td><td valign="top">User with username already exists</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_267</td><td valign="top">Agent ID cannot be null or blank</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_266</td><td valign="top">Password cannot be null or blank</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_265</td><td valign="top">Last name cannot be null or blank</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_264</td><td valign="top">First name cannot be null or blank</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_263</td><td valign="top">Email cannot be null or blank</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_262</td><td valign="top">Password cannot be null or blank</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_261</td><td valign="top">User with username does not exist</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_260</td><td valign="top">Username cannot be blank</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_259</td><td valign="top">Tenant cannot be blank</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_258</td><td valign="top">Bank not allowed to transaction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_257</td><td valign="top">Invalid Bank Code</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_256</td><td valign="top">Insufficient balance</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_255</td><td valign="top">Card information is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_254</td><td valign="top">Bank account details are required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_253</td><td valign="top">Account number is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_252</td><td valign="top">Routing number is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_251</td><td valign="top">Account holder information is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_250</td><td valign="top">Account type is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_249</td><td valign="top">A valid bank account type is required. Allowed values: savings, checking, loan, business_checking, or business_saving</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_248</td><td valign="top">A valid account holder type is required. Allowed values: personal or business</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_247</td><td valign="top">The "companyLegalName" field is required when the account holder is a business</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_246</td><td valign="top">Both "firstName" and "lastName" fields are required when the account holder is an personal</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_245</td><td valign="top">Invalid source type. Accepted values are "CARD" or "BANK_ACCOUNT".</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_244</td><td valign="top">The asset type is required for wallet creation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_243</td><td valign="top">The owner ID is required for wallet creation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_242</td><td valign="top">The beneficiary ID is required for wallet creation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_241</td><td valign="top">The wallet type is required for wallet creation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0207</td><td valign="top">Payment Services is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0206</td><td valign="top">Payment Methods is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0205</td><td valign="top">Country is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0204</td><td valign="top">Agent Trade Name is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0203</td><td valign="top">Agent Commercial Name is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0202</td><td valign="top">Agent Referer is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0201</td><td valign="top">Agent id is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0200</td><td valign="top">Phone is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_0199</td><td valign="top">Email is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_231</td><td valign="top">Insufficient balance to pull transaction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_015</td><td valign="top">Agent Id already exists</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_229</td><td valign="top">No payment routes were found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_228</td><td valign="top">Invalid Pix key. Please check and try again.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_227</td><td valign="top">A Pix key is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_226</td><td valign="top">A Pix account must be provided to receive the transfer.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_225</td><td valign="top">The recipient country code (Alpha-3) is required for PUSH transactions.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_224</td><td valign="top">The recipient object is required for a PUSH transaction.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_223</td><td valign="top">The sender amount is required for PUSH transactions.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_222</td><td valign="top">The exchange rate must be greater than zero.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_221</td><td valign="top">Invalid currency code for the recipient country. Please check and try again.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_220</td><td valign="top">Invalid currency code for the customer country. Please check and try again.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_219</td><td valign="top">The recipient country code (Alpha-3) is required for PUSH transactions.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_218</td><td valign="top">The customer country code (Alpha-3) is required for PULL transactions.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_217</td><td valign="top">A destination account is required for PUSH transactions.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_216</td><td valign="top">A source account is required for PULL transactions.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_215</td><td valign="top">An amount is required for the transaction.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_214</td><td valign="top">Invalid payment type. Accepted values are "PULL" or "PUSH".</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_213</td><td valign="top">Invalid page number.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_212</td><td valign="top">Invalid page size.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_211</td><td valign="top">The "to" date must be provided.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_210</td><td valign="top">The "from" date must be provided.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_209</td><td valign="top">The wallet ID must be in UUID v4 format.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_208</td><td valign="top">The transfer amount must be greater than zero.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_207</td><td valign="top">The destination wallet ID must be a valid UUID v4.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_206</td><td valign="top">The source wallet ID must be a valid UUID v4.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_205</td><td valign="top">An external ID is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_204</td><td valign="top">Invalid transfer amount.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_203</td><td valign="top">The destination wallet ID is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_202</td><td valign="top">The source wallet ID is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_201</td><td valign="top">The wallet ID is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_200</td><td valign="top">A valid wallet payload is required.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_199</td><td valign="top">The wallet type is required for wallet creation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_198</td><td valign="top">The beneficiary ID is required for wallet creation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_197</td><td valign="top">The owner ID is required for wallet creation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_196</td><td valign="top">The asset type is required for wallet creation.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_195</td><td valign="top">Invalid source type. Accepted values are "CARD" or "BANK_ACCOUNT".</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_194</td><td valign="top">Both "firstName" and "lastName" fields are required when the account holder is an personal</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_193</td><td valign="top">The "companyLegalName" field is required when the account holder is a business</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_192</td><td valign="top">A valid account holder type is required. Allowed values: personal or business</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_191</td><td valign="top">A valid bank account type is required. Allowed values: savings, checking, loan, business_checking, or business_saving</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_190</td><td valign="top">Account type is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_189</td><td valign="top">Account holder information is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_188</td><td valign="top">Routing number is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_187</td><td valign="top">Account number is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_186</td><td valign="top">Bank account details are required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_185</td><td valign="top">Card information is required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">1</td><td valign="top">Payment Pending</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_183</td><td valign="top">Invalid Phone Number</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_182</td><td valign="top">Invalid country code</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_181</td><td valign="top">Invalid Account Holder Type</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_180</td><td valign="top">Invalid Account Type</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_155</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Data exchange response not found by paymentId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_154</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Data exchange not found by requestId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_153</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Data exchange not found by paymentId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_152</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Data exchange not found JWT by tenant and paymentId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_151</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Data exchange update invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_150</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Lookup response data not found find by paymentId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_149</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Lookup data not found find by paymentId and transactionId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_148</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Lookup data not found find by paymentId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_147</td><td valign="top">ACS ERROR - Lookup data not found find by tenant and transactionId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_146</td><td valign="top">Declined by 3DS Secure Code</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_145</td><td valign="top">Invalid cardholder - High Risk</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_144</td><td valign="top">Invalid cardholder - Email</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_143</td><td valign="top">Invalid cardholder name</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_142</td><td valign="top">Invalid Ip Address</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_141</td><td valign="top">Decline blacklist restrictions - Customer</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_140</td><td valign="top">Decline blacklist restrictions - IP</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_139</td><td valign="top">Decline blacklist restrictions - Card</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_131</td><td valign="top">Unable to go online; offline-declined</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_130</td><td valign="top">Revocation of all authorizations order</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_128</td><td valign="top">Transaction does not qualify for Visa PIN</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_127</td><td valign="top">Revocation of authorization order</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_126</td><td valign="top">Stop Payment Order</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_125</td><td valign="top">Card Authentication failed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_124</td><td valign="top">Denied PIN change—requested PIN unsafe</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_123</td><td valign="top">Denied PIN unblock—PIN change or unblock request declined by issuer</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_122</td><td valign="top">Transaction amount exceeds preauthorized approval amount</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_121</td><td valign="top">Decline for CVV2 failure</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_120</td><td valign="top">Ineligible for resubmission</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_119</td><td valign="top">Cash request exceeds issuer or approved limit</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_118</td><td valign="top">Cash service not available</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_117</td><td valign="top">Force STIP</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_116</td><td valign="top">Surcharge amount not supported by debit network issuer.</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_115</td><td valign="top">Surcharge amount not permitted on Visa cards or EBT food stamps (U.S. acquirers only)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_114</td><td valign="top">Verification data failed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_113</td><td valign="top">Additional customer authentication required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_112</td><td valign="top">System malfunction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_111</td><td valign="top">Transaction cannot be completed - violation of law</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_097</td><td valign="top">PIN data required</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_098</td><td valign="top">Different value than that used for PIN encryption errors</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_110</td><td valign="top">Financial institution or intermediate network facility cannot be found for routing (receiving institution ID is invalid)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_109</td><td valign="top">Issuer or switch inoperative and STIP not applicable or not available for this transaction; Timeout</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_108</td><td valign="top">Ineligible to receive financial position information (GIV)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_107</td><td valign="top">Cannot verify PIN; for example, no PVV</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_106</td><td valign="top">No reason to decline a request for address verification, CVV2 verification, or a credit voucher or merchandise return</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_105</td><td valign="top">Negative CAM, dCVV, iCVV, or CVV results</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_104</td><td valign="top">Cryptographic error found in PIN</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_103</td><td valign="top">No financial impact</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_102</td><td valign="top">Already reversed (by Switch)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_101</td><td valign="top">Blocked, first used—Transaction from new cardholder, and card not properly unblocked</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_100</td><td valign="top">Unsolicited reversal</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_099</td><td valign="top">Allowable number of PIN entry tries exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_081</td><td valign="top">Lost card, pick up (fraud account)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_096</td><td valign="top">Exceeds withdrawal frequency limit</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_095</td><td valign="top">Transaction does not fulfill AML requirement</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_094</td><td valign="top">Security violation (source is not correct issuer)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_093</td><td valign="top">Restricted card (card invalid in this region or country)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_092</td><td valign="top">Exceeds approval amount limit</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_091</td><td valign="top">Suspected fraud</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_090</td><td valign="top">Transaction not allowed at terminal</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_089</td><td valign="top">Transaction not permitted to cardholder</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_088</td><td valign="top">Incorrect PIN or PIN missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_087</td><td valign="top">Expired card or expiration date is missing</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_086</td><td valign="top">No savings account</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_085</td><td valign="top">No checking account</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_084</td><td valign="top">Not sufficient funds</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_083</td><td valign="top">Closed account</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_082</td><td valign="top">Stolen card, pick up (fraud account)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_080</td><td valign="top">No credit account</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_079</td><td valign="top">File temporarily not available for update or inquiry</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_078</td><td valign="top">Unable to locate record in file</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_077</td><td valign="top">No action taken</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_076</td><td valign="top">Re-enter transaction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_075</td><td valign="top">No such issuer</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_074</td><td valign="top">Invalid account number (no such number)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_073</td><td valign="top">Invalid amount or currency conversion field overflow</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_072</td><td valign="top">Invalid transaction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_071</td><td valign="top">Approved (V.I.P)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_070</td><td valign="top">Partial approval</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_069</td><td valign="top">Pick up card, special condition (fraud account)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_068</td><td valign="top">Error</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_067</td><td valign="top">Do not honor</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_132</td><td valign="top">Pick up card (no fraud)</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_133</td><td valign="top">Invalid merchant</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_064</td><td valign="top">Refer to card issuer, special condition</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_063</td><td valign="top">Refer to card issuer</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_062</td><td valign="top">Business Operation is Invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">GE_008</td><td valign="top">Notification not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">GE_007</td><td valign="top">Notification already exists</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">GE_006</td><td valign="top">Authentication method is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">GE_005</td><td valign="top">Event is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">GE_004</td><td valign="top">Bearer authentication requires username, a password and url token authentication</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">GE_003</td><td valign="top">Basic authentication requires both a username and a password</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_066</td><td valign="top">Transaction rejected by gateway analysis</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_065</td><td valign="top">Invalid request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_061</td><td valign="top">Provider Requested Error</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_006</td><td valign="top">Tokenization card rejected by rules</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">GE_002</td><td valign="top">Parameter is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_060</td><td valign="top">Invalid external id format</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">SE_003</td><td valign="top">Invalid header token</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_059</td><td valign="top">AVS partial approved</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_058</td><td valign="top">AVS does not match</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_057</td><td valign="top">AVS unknow</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_056</td><td valign="top">Email verification failed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_055</td><td valign="top">Email verification unknown</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_054</td><td valign="top">Telephone verification failed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_053</td><td valign="top">Telephone verification unknown</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_052</td><td valign="top">Postal code verification failed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_051</td><td valign="top">Postal code verification unknown</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_050</td><td valign="top">Cardholder name verification failed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_049</td><td valign="top">Cardholder name verification unknown</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_048</td><td valign="top">Address verification failed</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_047</td><td valign="top">Address verification unknown</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_046</td><td valign="top">CVV does not match</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_045</td><td valign="top">CVV unkown</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_044</td><td valign="top">Revocation of all authorizations order</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_043</td><td valign="top">Revocation of authorization order</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_042</td><td valign="top">Rejected by card issuer</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_041</td><td valign="top">Security code invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_040</td><td valign="top">Security Rules Violated</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_039</td><td valign="top">Unknown card</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_038</td><td valign="top">Card blocked</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_037</td><td valign="top">Restricted card</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_036</td><td valign="top">Illegal transaction</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_035</td><td valign="top">Invalid security code</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_034</td><td valign="top">Limit exceeded</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_033</td><td valign="top">Stolen card, pick up</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_032</td><td valign="top">Lost card</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_031</td><td valign="top">Security code expired</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_030</td><td valign="top">Fraud suspicion</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_029</td><td valign="top">Card expired</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_028</td><td valign="top">Impossible Reference Number</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_027</td><td valign="top">Access denied</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_026</td><td valign="top">Annulation by client</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_025</td><td valign="top">Invalid card issuer</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_024</td><td valign="top">Invalid requested amount</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_023</td><td valign="top">Hold card</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_022</td><td valign="top">Rejected by provider</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">SE_002</td><td valign="top">Invalid header token</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CARD_010</td><td valign="top">Invalid request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_021</td><td valign="top">Invalid currency code</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_020</td><td valign="top">Amount cannot be less or equal to zero</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_019</td><td valign="top">Invalid IP Address</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_018</td><td valign="top">Capture amount cannot be negative</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_017</td><td valign="top">Capture amount cannot be greater than the original amount</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_015</td><td valign="top">Invalid currency </td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_014</td><td valign="top">No payment found to void</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_013</td><td valign="top">No payment found to void</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_012</td><td valign="top">No payment found to refund with external payment id</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_011</td><td valign="top">Payment duplicated for externalPaymentId</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_010</td><td valign="top">No payment founded to capture with external payment id</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_009</td><td valign="top">Payment with external id already captured</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_008</td><td valign="top">Country not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_007</td><td valign="top">There isn't parameter to agent and event</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_006</td><td valign="top">Payment method ID is null for description</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_005</td><td valign="top">Payment method not found for description</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_004</td><td valign="top">Credential not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_003</td><td valign="top">Key not found for agent</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_002</td><td valign="top">Agent not found</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_001</td><td valign="top">No router found for agent and payment method</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CA_007</td><td valign="top">Card not found, invalid token</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CA_006</td><td valign="top">Card not found, invalid previous payment code</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">PAY_016</td><td valign="top">Insufficient balance to refund</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">SE_001</td><td valign="top">Unauthorized request</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_005</td><td valign="top">Secure code is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_004</td><td valign="top">Expiration date is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_003</td><td valign="top">Invalid cardholder name</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_002</td><td valign="top">Pan is invalid</td></tr><tr><td valign="top">CAD_001</td><td valign="top">Origin not allowed</td></tr></tbody></table>
